Added cal-vin example (#163)
CerebriumAI/documentation: v4/examples/langchain_langsmith.mdx

        }
    ],
    "dateOverrides": [],
    "currentSeats": null,
    "datesOutOfOffice": {}
}
```

Great! Now we know that our API key is working and pulling information from our calendar. The API calls we will be using later in this tutorial are:

- **/availability**: Get your availability
- **/bookings**: Book a slot

### Cerebrium setup

If you don’t have a Cerebrium account, you can create one by signing up [here](https://dashboard.cerebrium.ai/register) and following the documentation [here](https://docs.cerebrium.ai/cerebrium/getting-started/installation) to get setup

In your IDE, run the following command to create our Cerebrium starter project: cerebrium init agent-tool-calling. This creates two files:

- Main.py - Our entrypoint file where our code lives
- cerebrium.toml - A configuration file that contains all our build and environment settings
  ‍

Add the following pip packages near the bottom of your cerebrium.toml. This will be used in creating our deployment environment.

```
[cerebrium.dependencies.pip]
pydantic = "latest"
langchain = "latest"
pytz = "latest" ##this is used for timezones
openai = "latest"
langchain_openai = "latest"
```

> We will be using OpenAI GPT3.5 for our use cases and so we need an API key from them. If you don’t have an account, you can sign up [here](https://openai.com/). You can then create an API key [here](https://platform.openai.com/settings/profile?tab=api-keys). The API key should be in the format: “sk_xxxxx”.

Reviewer: User keys have been deprecated in favour of project keys. May want to update that
```suggestion
We will be using OpenAI GPT3.5 for our use cases and so we need an API key from them. If you don’t have an account, you can sign up [here](https://openai.com/). You can then create an API key [here](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys). The API key should be in the format: “sk_xxxxx”.
```

In your Cerebrium dashboard you can then add your Cal.com and OpenAI API keys as secrets by navigating to “Secrets” in the sidebar. For the sake of this tutorial I called mine “CAL_API_KEY” and “OPENAI_API_KEY”. We can now access these values in our code at runtime without exposing them in our code.

![Cerebrium Secrets Dashboard](/images/examples/langchain_langsmith/cerebrium_secrets.png)

### Agent Setup

To start we need to write two tool functions that the agent will use to check availability on our calendar as well as book a slot.

- Get availability tool
- You would have seen from the test API request we did above to Cal.com that the API returns your availability in the following way:
- The time slots that you are already busy
- Your working hours on each day
  ‍

Below is the code to achieve this

```python

> 

Reviewer: May want to include `from pydantic import BaseModel` here. It doesn't come included in recent init changes

from langchain_core.tools import tool
from cerebrium import get_secret
import requests

> from cal import find_available_slots

Reviewer: You don't actually show the user how to do this in the example (They have to navigate to the repo to find out). This is disconcerting as you only figure this out when you actually try to execute the main python file locally much lower down in the example

Author: I explain it just below that

  ‍

We then follow a similar practice to write our book_slot tool. This will book a slot in my calendar based on the selected time/day.

```python
@tool
def book_slot(datetime: str, name: str, email: str, title: str, description: str) -> float:
    """Book a meeting on my calendar at the requested date and time using the 'datetime' variable. Get a description about what the meeting is about and make a title for it"""
    url = "https://api.cal.com/v1/bookings"
    params = {
        "apiKey": get_secret("CAL_API_KEY"),
        "username": "xxxx",
        "eventTypeId": "xxx",
        "start": datetime,
        "responses": {
            "name": name,
            "email": email,
            "metadata": {},
            "location": "Cerebrium HQ"
        },
        "timeZone": "America/New York",
        "language": "en",
        "title": title,
        "description": description,
    }
    response = requests.post(url, params=params)
    if response.status_code == 200:
        booking_data = response.json()
        return booking_data
    else:
        print('error')
        print(response)

>         return {}

Reviewer: This worked for me:
```python
def book_slot(datetime: str, name: str, email: str, title: str, description: str) -> float:
    """Book a meeting on my calendar at the requested date and time using the 'datetime' variable. Get a description about what the meeting is about and make a title for it"""
    url = "https://api.cal.com/v1/bookings"
    params = {
        "apiKey": get_secret("CAL_API_KEY"),
    }
    data = {
        "eventTypeId": 742028,
        "start": datetime,
        "responses": {
            "name": name,
            "email": email,
            "guests": [],
            "location": {
              "value": "inPerson",
              "optionValue": ""
            }
        },
        "timeZone": "Europe/London",
        "language": "en",
        "status": "PENDING",
        "title": title,
        "metadata": {},
        "description": description,
    }

    response = requests.post(url, params=params, json=data)
    if response.status_code == 200:
        booking_data = response.json()
        return booking_data
    else:
        print('error')
        print(response.json())
        return {}
```

    input_messages_key="input",
    output_messages_key="output",
    history_messages_key="chat_history",
)
```

Let us run a simple local test to make sure everything is working as expected.

```python
class Item(BaseModel):
    prompt: str
    session_id: str

def predict(item, run_id, logger):
    item = Item(**item)

    output = conversational_agent_executor.invoke(
        {
            "input": user_input,
        },
        {"configurable": {"session_id": item.session_id}},
    )

    return {"result": output} # return your results

if __name__ == "__main__":
    while True:
        user_input = input("Enter the input (or type 'exit' to stop): ")
        if user_input.lower() == 'exit':
            break
        result = predict({"prompt": user_input, "session_id": "12345"}, "test", logger=None)
        print(result)
```

The above code does the following:

- We define a Pydantic object which specifies the parameters our API expects - the user prompt and a session id to tie the conversation to.
- The predict function in Cerebrium is the entry point for our API so we just pass the prompt and session id to our agent and print the results.
  ‍

> To run this, simply run the following in your terminal: python main.py. You will need to replace your secrets with the actual values when running locally. You should then see output similar to the following:

Reviewer: May want to also include that users should manually install pip packages added to toml if they don't have those dependencies. PS: You also need langchain-community to run this. See error below 
```ModuleNotFoundError: Module langchain_community.chat_message_histories not found. Please install langchain-community to access this module. You can install it using `pip install -U langchain-community` ```

```suggestion
To run this, simply install the pip dependencies manually by typing the following into your terminal `pip install pydantic langchain pytz openai langchain_openai langchain-community` and then run `python main.py` to execute your main python file. You will need to replace your secrets with the actual values when running locally. You should then see output similar to the following:
```
